<다양한 해결책 >

[ 제품/ 매장]
 - 이벤트 계획
 you hold a free tasting event where you show off the talents of your staff

 - 새로운 상품개발
 you should launch a hair treatment products to maximize profit, and it will attract many people

 - 고객 맞춤제품 만들기
 you need to make some custom-made product. ( 사람들은 새로운것을 원한다 템플릿)
 - 배달서비스
 you should offer a free delivery service. Because people always want to use convenience service
 - 픽업서비스 제공
 you should offer a free pick up service. and then customers don't need to carrying heavy items. it shows that our business really takes care of our customers
 - 할인된 금액 제공하기.
 you should offer a discount fee in summer session. these days, the economy is in bad shape, so our economic situation is unstable. so many people want to save their money
 
 - 메뉴얼 만들기
 you should make a printed manual about 무엇(customer serviceing). and then, your employees can learn how to deal with customers
 - 직원 교육( 서비스 트레이닝  )
 also you can start service traning your emplyees. and then, they will think twice. 
 - 기존 고객들에게 설문해서 정보를 얻자
 why don't tou send surveys to exisitng customers and collect their reviews. it will be helpful to ~ 

 - 워런티 제공
 we should offer a free five-year warranty for people purchasing 무엇
 - SNS 활용 
 We should post our ads on varios social networking Service
 
 - 시식행사
 Why don't we hold a tasting event where customers can sample the menu? and then they will see how delicious and healthy
 - 웰컴주스
 also we can offer a welcome juice for customer ordering organic menu

 - 나가서 부스를만들어 고객들을 대면
 you should go out and set up the booth near the subway enterance and try to meet customers face to face. it will be helpful to~

[고객/서비스]
 - 사과 메일 보내기
 You should send an email of apology to the customers who recevied wrong manual
 - 온라인에 설명서 올리기
 Why don't you post an online menual on our website? customers can easily access the internet and they can easily download it
 
 - (상품 일부가 도착하지 않음)
 I'm sorry, I think the packaging or shipping department made a mistake. Let me send the missing part right now.
  as compensation(보상), I will offer our new products samples

 - (~ 서비스가 느린데 직원을 더 고용할 수 없다.)_ 셀프서비스 시스템
 I suggest that you should set up self-service machine in front of your store. Self-service machines will allow
  to do things without extra staff.
 - (바쁜 점심 시간에 식당의 서비스 속도가 느리다.) _ 미리 만들 수 있는 메뉴 개발
 Why don't you offer new menu items that you can make in advance? and then, your customers don't have to wait wait

 - 사이트에 오류가 자주 발생함 _ 사과메일, 적립금
 Why don't we send an eamil of apology to customers. it shouws that we understand their concerns and we try to fix it.
 also we can provide membership rewards points.

- 공지를 붙임
I suggest that we post a notice on the wall indicating(나타내는) ~

[직원 / 업무]
- 직원 선정하기 _ 직원회의를 통해
why don't we hold a staff meeting? we can make a decision based on a majority opinion(다수결)
- 직원 선정하기 _ 매니저 추천을 통해
You sould get recommendations from managers. They know best who will be right for (the presentation)

- 공급업체가 가격을 인상할 예정 _ 새로운 업체리스트 보내줌
I could send you some information about other suppliers. I know a few trusted suppliers so i could make some recommendations
you can make a decision quickly.

- 직원들을 교육할 시간이 부족하다. _ 온라인교육
I suggest that you hold a online training session. people can attend the session whenever they want, and you won't have to gather everyone.
- 직원들을 교육할 시간이 부족하다. _ 짧은일정 교육
You can plan a 1day staff traning workshop. Employyes can focus on training and they can get to know each other better
- 직원이 불친절하다고 항의한다.
I suggest that you should offer a copy of the office rules to your employees. your employees will be reminded of the office rules
You should start evaluating employee services(직원평가 서비스), and post the scores on the Website. your staff will pay more attention to their words and actions

- 직원들에게 휴일근무를 요청해야함 _ 보너스 지급
why don't you give a bonus to these emplyees? by doing this, we can motivate some staff to volunnteer to work during the holidays.
if it isn't enough, we can offer additional vacation.

- 각 부서의 매니저를 불러 전달
we can call in(부르다) managers from each department fro a meeting and ask them to ~

< 추가 문장 >
it will attract many people
your store will become more popular amnog people

----------------------------------------------
< 제품/매장 >
Hackers Test #3
I understand that you need a way to make your store competitive.
I suggest that you should hold a tasting event where customers can sample your menu and they will see how delicious and great.
also you can offer a welcom juice for people visiting your store. it shows that your business really cares about customers, and it will be satisfied.
please contact me if you have any questions

Hackers Test #4
I understand that you need a way to promote summber booking
I suggest that we hold a barbecue party during the summer season. many customers will enjoy the party and they will visit again next year
also we can offer a pick up service for customers booking in summber. they don't need to carrying heavy luggage and they will be satisfied

----------------------------------------------
< 고객 / 서비스 >

Hackers Test #1
I understand that you sent a wrong user manual about photocopier
I thnink it is a big problem, but i have a solution.
why don't you offer an online-manual on your website. customer can easily access the internet with mobile Phones and they can download it.
so, they don't have to wait long time
also I think the packaing or shipping department made a mistake. employees should retrained to prevent problems
(+) Actually, something like this happened before, and it worked out okay.
please fell free to contact me if you have any questions

Hackers Test #3
I understand that you need a way to proived new service for mother with young children
I think this is a big problem but i have a solution
i suggest that we provied a day-care service for them. and then mothers can cocentrate on their excercising
also we can offer a excercise class to do together. such as mother and baby yoga class
it shows that our business reall cares about customers, and it will be appreciated.
pleas feel free to contact me if you have any questions

Hackers Test #4 ( 특수상황- 예약초과 )
I understand that you need a way to deal with overbooked rooms
I suggest that you offer two-night stay vouchers if customers cancel their booking on that day.
if it doesn't work, search for available rooms at near by hotel and ask for staying at one of those hotels instead.
I know it might cost more mony, but customer satisfaction should be the first priority.
(+) Actually, something like this happened before, and it worked out okay.

< 고객/서비스 >
Hackers Test #1
I understand that you don't have enough buget to hold a annual company dinner
this is a big problem but i have a solution.
I suggest that you should change place for company dinner party. such as inexpensive restaurant or staff cafeteria.
I think you have enough buget for it
also you can order catering food (배달음식). There are many different kinds of delivery food and many people will like it.
people always want to try out something new, and they want to eat various food.

Hackers Test #2
I understand that you need a way to train employees who are too busy to attned
this is a big problem but i have a solution
I suggest that you hold a online training session. people can attend the session whenever they want, and you won't have to gather everyone.
You can plan a 1 day staff traning workshop. Employyes can focus on training and they can get to know each other better.
Actually, something like this happened before, and it worked out oaky,
please feel free to contact me if you have any questions